10:13 AM prepare some answer, question.

# Answer:

## Tell me about yourself:

I am a Developer with 4 years of experience, include 3 years working with Blockchain technology. I am aiming to become Blockchain expert, so I want an opportunity that help me learn more on this field.Currently, my English communication skill is not really good, maybe sometime I will have some problem because lack of vocabulary.

## Tell me your experience in 3 years working in Blockchain field.

Firstly, I learn about Blockchain just to learn about Crypto to invest. After knowing that, I was very excited about it and wanted to join that Technology. That is when I was final years at university and had a job as a Backend developer, I choose my graduate project is Blockchain and that time I was using Hyperledger Fabric to build one. It is not a success project, but it helps me learn a lot. 

After graduation on 2019, I join in a Crypto company and take part in build Wallet project, our team build one based on Trust wallet core, and I had main responsibility to research about Cryptography of each Crypto Token and integrate to that project. Then take part in to other project integrate with Blockchain like, game, stake, ...

Then I join in other outsource company and start building Smart contracts on Ethereum and Binance smart chain, then they promote me to become team lead handle a Project building a Chain. Firstly, they plan to build a new one based on Tendermint but then had some problem to integrate EVM to it. I research and suggest Substrate, then project switch to that technology.

After that, I join my current company for build a Blockchain social network but at that time they just want to use Blockchain in their product and still not knowing what to do with Blockchain technology. Become team lead of Blockchain team, learning more about Blockchain technology and helping my boss know what they want to build on the Blockchain. At that time, I had to research many technology like: Solana, Near, Avalanche, Cardano, ... And we are plan next step is integrate NFT to our social platform at the end of this year.

## Why do you want to join my company

Most important is for better salary, and an environment to improve my English skill. 

The other reason is: 
- I believe on the future of Solana, so I want to learn more about it through work.
- I like play game with fantasy theme so maybe take part in develop one sound interesting.

## Your current salary is just 1500$ and you expecting 4500$, why are you expecting that?

Because I have some research about average salary in Singapore and realize that 4 thousand and 5 hundred is just between Junior and Mid-range level. In Vietnam, some companies have counted me as Senior level, but I don't have much influence on English so I think that number will be quite fair for me to work for a while.

If you can meet my salary expectations, I can join the company next month. Otherwise, please wait until the second half of next month and I will decide.

I am an employee, so the number in salary is what I am proud of.

## Why your last job is too short


## Introduction in Freelancer

I am Tu Nguyen, a Blockchain developer aiming to become Blockchain expert.

I started my career in 2018 as a Backend developer, after a year I started working with Blockchain technology and worked with both Backend and Blockchain till now.

So far I have finished some project like:

- Project collect ad data from social network using Scala
- A wallet core project based on Trust wallet core 
- A gateway service to fetch amount of Crypto in wallet and its price using NodeJs
- A Go game using Crypto for betting using NodeJs
- A Staking service using Loopback
- A trading bot on Binance using Loopback
- Some type of contract for selling token using Solidity
- A tracking system for selling token using NestJs
- A swap token contract on Binance smart chain using Solidity
- A chain with EVM enable using Substrate
- Research about Opensea, Solana program and some other blockchain.

For the first question:

## What was the last project you worked on? How did you contribute to it?

My last project is Private sale project (raising capital), we sold our token to our community by a contract that will increase price to 0.001 BUSD for each 10 million token. Private sale round will be closed at the end of this month, currently total token value sold is 11 millions BUSD.

My role is Team lead of that project so I need to working with director to get requirement, then create task and assign it to team member. As a developer, I write smart contract selling token and collect sold information on ranking system using for reward buyer each week, month and quarter.

## How many years of professional experience do you have in software development or QA?

I have 4 years of development experiences include 3 years working with Blockchain technology

## What are your strongest skills in terms of technologies and programming languages?

In terms of Technology, I think it should be Blockchain technology: Truffle, Trust wallet core and Substrate

In terms of Programming language: My most confident is Javascript like NodeJs or Typescript and Solidity.

Okay, so I've introduced myself. If you have any questions, please let me know.

See you.

## NFT question

## What thing can make an NFT has its prices?

In my opinion, there are two things make NFTs has their prices.

First is technology, If it is an art, the image should be store on decentralize storage like IPFS or Arweave will have more value than store in centralize storage like S3 or Google drive.

Second thing is creator, if creator is a famous person or an organized that have some services around that NFT like game or asset, that NFT would be more value than others, so it sold in better prices.



# Question

## The earliest time I can join the company if we can agree is next month, when will my next round of interview or test start?

## What exactly do you want me to do if I accept the offer?

## Could you please share me some detail of your product plan?

## How will my monthly salary be paid?

## Besides the monthly salary, do I have any other benefits?

## Will the company have any plans to let employees working directly in Singapore in the future?


