# Diary of the flight from Hanoi to Saigon
## At the entrance (before flight)

Next 10 minutes, I need to go in to the plane, this is not the first time. It is third time, so I already get in to this smoothly.

Bamboo airline 15:50' start is delay, I still lucky that still in time to do something there and write this.

Well, the feeling at the airplane maybe fantastic at the first time.

Today, I start to call grab at 12:00 but to have a discord for the travel, I delay it to 12:20. I got to the airport at 12:50, so still plenty of time.

Enough for that, I think I tired now so maybe next hour, I will continue to write the feeling in the airplane.

## In the airplane

At this point, I realize that I have usually mistaken in writing. So do now, I wonder if I can use English more influence latter?

Getting a seat at 1:35, 25 minutes left to when plane get to flight.

I really want to record the airplane wing when it tries to get up to the sky.

# At the 5000 meters high

The feeling is some kind of interesting. When it start to flight, and you still not in the ground. Interesting.

Feel like I am reaching the sky. I wonder what feeling when it comes to national fly like Singapore. That mean the sky the limit.

At this time, everything around is just white because of cloud. From the ground and look into it, it's not feeling so big but it is very different from above.

This is the first time I flight when the sun still out. It still takes very impressive feeling about this.

This time is 2:22 PM.


